This project is focused on Vehicle Insurance cross sales by a health insurance company.
The Health Insurance company guarantees compensation for damage to a person’s health, loss of life and any property loss incurred.
They are now aimed at leveraging their repository of customer and prospect data to cross sell a vehicle insurance product.

This is a continuous cycle that allows the company to follow the customer from more avenues. 
How to design a product that will win over most customers in this area is the business problem that we are trying to address.
The case provides some data that has been generated from their beta market tests to develop an understanding of their customer responsiveness to the new vehicle insurance product based on certain identifying demographics.

This case is being approached as a predictive analytics data mining problem. 
The steps we will follow to classify customers into viable candidates for cross-selling are based on the positive, or negative responses generated by their existing customers. 
A host of supervised and unsupervised classification algorithms will be trained on the data provided in this case study, treating their logged responses to the new vehicle insurance product as the target variable (yes/no to purchasing the product). The report below details the attributes of the dataset, feature engineering and data munging applied to the dataset and classification algorithms used in generating predictions to classify customers based on their responses.
